---
layout: docs
group: other
title: Technical details
---
## Technical details

All details of a match is stored in JSON format into a file.

If desired you can post the entire json file to your club's website at the end of a match and use it as you see fit.

The json file with typically look like this:

    {
      "players": { "A": "James", "B": "Richard"},
      "result": "2-1",
      "when": {
        "date": "2015-02-20",
        "time": "22:15:05+01:00"
      },
      "format": {
        "useHandInHandOutScoring": false,
        "numberOfGamesToWinMatch": 2,
        "tiebreakFormat": "TwoClearPoints",
        "numberOfPointsToWinGame": 5
      },
      "score": [
        [ "R1--",
          "L2--",
          "R--1",
          "--ST",
          "--R2",
          "--YL",
          "-3L-",
          "R4--",
          "L5--"
        ],
        [ "R--1",
          "--R2",
          "-1L-",
          "R--3",
          "-2R-",
          "R--4",
          "--R5"
        ],
        [ "-1R-",
          "R2--",
          "L--1",
          "-3R-",
          "R4--",
          "L5--"
        ]
      ],
      "conductCalls": [],
      "timing": [
        {
          "offsets": [ 4, 15, 25, 44, 44, 54, 61, 67, 73 ],
          "start": "2015-02-20T22:15:05+01:00",
          "end": "2015-02-20T22:16:18+01:00"
        },
        {
          "offsets": [ 8, 19, 33, 51, 70, 81, 100 ],
          "start": "2015-02-20T22:17:30+01:00",
          "end": "2015-02-20T22:19:10+01:00"
        },
        {
          "offsets": [ 21, 55, 65, 72, 81, 91 ],
          "start": "2015-02-20T22:20:06+01:00",
          "end": "2015-02-20T22:21:37+01:00"
        }
      ]
    }

If you are interested: These json files are typically stored in `/data/data/com.doubleyellow.scoreboard/files` and have the `.sb` extension.
The file called `LAST.sb` is a special one: It is the match the app was last used for/the match in progress.

In the `timing` array there is one entry for each game. Per game there is the time `start` and `end` timestamps that are self-explaining.
In the `offsets` array there is one number per score line. The number is the number of seconds elapsed since the start of the game.

So for example the first point in the third game was score 21 seconds after the start of the game.
Since the start of the third game was `20150220-222006` the point was scored in the app at `20150220-222027`.
The second point of the third game was score 55 seconds after the start of the game: i.e. `20150220-222101`

## Scorelines

As you can see in the example all details of a single 'rally' are stored in a single string of length 4:
who served from which side and who scored.
This is also the reason that in the GUI the old fashion paper scoring has a similar format.
(Which may confuse people who are used to starting a score sheet with e.g. R0-0, e.g. followed by L1-0.)

The 'one line per rally' also makes the implementation more easy. 
- I only need to add a single 'score line' with info of the rally AFTER the rally is finished
  - e.g. "R--1" : Player A served, Player B won the point
- If after a handout, a player decides to serve from the other side, only adjusting the 'big' serve side button is required (the tiny scoreline is not added yet, so no modification needed there) 
- A game with nine rallies played has 9 scorelines (sound logical, no?) 

## Flags

If you specify a country for a player, the corresponding flag is fetched 
from the squore server and before it is displayed.

If a flag has been fetched before it is stored on your device.
If you are going somewhere without internet and still want to be able to use flags, you have the option to 'prefetch' all image flags while you
still have an internet connection. You can do this via `Settings/Internet/Prefetch flag images`
