## MQTT

The app using MQTT is in an experimental phase.

For now you can
- Mirror a score from one device to another (similar to Mirror via Bluetooth but hopefully easier to set up), and/or
- Collect scores from all devices connected to your LAN onto a computer on the same LAN
  - e.g. to provide your own live score page
  - collect scores to be entered in your tournament software

### Mirror the score

What you need is 2 devices with the app installed on it.

Simply open the app on both devices and select the menu option 'Mirror Score (MQTT)' on both devices.

Once the dialog is opened on both devices, the unique device id of the other device should appear under 'Select other device id'.
Press OK on the device that you want to become the 'slave'.
You can press OK on both devices if desired, in this case both devices can act as 'master' or 'slave'.

Start entering the score on the 'master' device. The 'slave' should follow suite.
Beware of the option `Settings > Appearance > Layout > Landscape Layout`. Here you can select a 'presentation' layout that is ... well more for 'presenting' the score and less for 'changing' the score.

Optionally select a different broker URL.
But if you switch broker URL ensure you use the same broker URL for both devices.
For score mirroring you should be able to use any public MQTT broker. (Several are configured in the app).

The last broker URL in the list is a customizable URL (in the Settings of the app) and you can e.g. let it point to your own locally running broker.
A local broker is only really useful if you want to do more than just score mirroring.

### Live score

To achieve livescore via MQTT you should

- run an MQTT broker locally (see below)
- configure the app on each device to use MQTT and connect to your local broker
  - Settings > LiveScore/ChromeCast/MQTT/Bluetooth Mirror > MQTT
    - Check 'Enable MQTT'
    - Adjust 'Custom Broker URL'
- ensure 'Update live score' is checked for each match

The last 2 points of the 3 points above, are most easily achieved if you also use the 'feeds' option of the app.
- Let each device select a match from your 'feed'
- Ensure the feed has 'LiveScoreUrl=<Your broker URL>' in the 'config' section

With an e.g. the mosquitto broker running locally and opening the following URL in a browser on the SAME machine
<https://squore.double-yellow.be/mqtt/livescore.php>


### Mosquitto broker

I have found running the [mosquitto](https://mosquitto.org/) broker the easiest and the most straight forward:

First create a `mosquitto.conf` file
```conf
allow_anonymous true
listener 1883 0.0.0.0

listener 9001
protocol websockets
```

Then start the mosquitto broker in a docker, ensuring it uses the just created .conf file
```bash
docker run -p 1883:1883 -p 9001:9001 -v ./mosquitto.conf:/mosquitto/config/mosquitto.conf eclipse-mosquitto
```


### Disable MQTT

If you don't want to use MQTT anymore you can turn it of in the settings:
- Settings > LiveScore/ChromeCast/MQTT/Bluetooth Mirror > MQTT
