---
layout: docs
group: social
title: Post Match Result
---

#### Post match results to a website

If the match was selected from a 'Feed' and the 'Feed' contains a `PostResult` URL, the result of a match can be posted to a website.
This typically is the website that also provided the 'Feed' of matches.


At the end of a match (or even during a match) you can send the score currently on the board to a website.
If a 'POSTResult' Url is specified for the 'Active' Feed, the following data will be posted to that URL.

    eventname=[event name of the match]
    eventdivision=[name of the division in which the match was played]
    eventround=[name of the round for which the match was played]
    location=[location where the match was played]
    whendate=[date in yyyy-MM-dd format]
    whentime=[time in HH:mm timezone format]
    player1=[name of player 1]
    player2=[name of player 2]
    club1=[name of club 1]
    club2=[name of club 2]
    country1=[name of country 1]
    country2=[name of country 2]
    id=[id of the match (if selected from a JSON feed)]
    player1id=[id of player 1 within e.g. a team (if team match selected from JSON feed]
    player2id=[id of player 2]
    result=[# of games won by player 1]-[# of games won by player 2]
    gamescores=[comma separated list of game scores]
    winner=[name of winner]
    winner12=[1 or 2]
    duration=[duration of the match in minutes]
    totalpointsplayer1=[total # of points won by player 1]
    totalpointsplayer2=[total # of points won by player 2]
    json=[JSON representation of the match, (only if configured)]

A typical example would look like this

    eventname=Boast Busters Tournament
    eventround=Round 2
    whendate=2014-12-01
    whentime=10:30+01:00
    player1=Harry P
    player2=Ron W
    result=3-1
    gamescores=11-5,6-11,11-2,12-10
    winner=Harry P
    winner12=1
    duration=49
    totalpointsplayer1=40
    totalpointsplayer2=28

For demo purposes this URL is filled with a demo url that simply echo's what was posted.
The PHP 'code' of this demo URL simply looks like this:

    <?php
    print "Following post result was received at the demo url http://$_SERVER[HTTP_HOST]//$_SERVER[REQUEST_URI]";
    ksort($_REQUEST);
    print_r($_REQUEST);
    ?>

What your server echo's will be used to present a dialog box.
You an echo a simple text message. But if you want more control it is best to return a JSON response like :

```json
{
  "result": "OK",
  "title": "Squash server says",
  "message": "The result for match xxx was stored."
}
```

Optionally 'message' may contain html. If you let it start `<html` and end with `html>` the complete message will be presented in a webview allowing you 
to use full html markup.

It is possible to have even more detailed posted. This can be achieved by selecting the option to post JSON data.
Literally all data about the match as stored by the app is then posted to the website.

In the settings there is an option 'Internet/Determine what data is posted'.
Here you can select
*   _Post most relevant data_: no JSON data is posted, 'only' details as in the examples above
*   _Post most relevant data + json_: next to data as above another parameter called 'json' is posted containing the JSON string
*   _Post only JSON data_: the body of the post contains just the JSON data (from which all other data can be deduced)

If you choose the last option you have e.g. the possibility to store the json file on you own server by using e.g.

    <?php
    $entityBody = file_get_contents('php://input');
    $jsonMatch = json_decode($entityBody);
    $players   = $jsonMatch->{'players'};
    $names     = $players->{'A'} . ' - ' . $players->{'B'};

    file_put_contents($names . '.json', $entityBody, LOCK_EX + FILE_TEXT))
    ?>

